gadgets have dominated our lives in more
ways than you can imagine today I'm
gonna put it all in perspective yes
there will be a lot of numbers fasten
your seat belts here we go
in 2020 there are 3.5 billion smartphone
users in the world that's almost half
the world's population taking all mobile
phones into account that's 4.8 billion
which is the whole population of Asia
and then some with the current growth
rate there will be over 7 billion mobile
phone users by 2025 850 million of all
smartphone owners are in China the
closest contender is India with 346
million all mobile device users combined
including laptops and tablets make for
68 percent of the world's population
fewer people worldwide have a toothbrush
than a cell phone the total of the
world's mobile connections is 10 billion
it's over 2 billion more than there are
people on the planet all the smart
phones in the world lanes side by side
will make a line seven hundred seventy
thousand miles long that's enough to get
you to the moon back to the earth and to
the moon again the weight of these
combined smartphones is 1.5 million tons
which is like 60 statues of Liberty on
average a smartphone takes about 20 watt
hours to fully charge that makes 7.3
kilowatt hours per year which costs
about a buck the power used to fully
charge all smartphones in the world
combined would be enough to launch 14
500 tons space rockets into orbit
there's a special word to describe the
fear of losing your smartphone
nomophobia an average person is online
for 24 hours a week that's one seventh
of their life if you own a smartphone
you probably look at it over 150 times
per day Hey
keep a log you touch your smartphone
with or without looking at it over 2,600
times per day
your smartphone is with you or very
close to you for about 22 hours every
day about 2.5 billion people sleep with
their smartphone next to them or even
under their pillow 75 million people
would sleep with the phone in hand about
2 billion smartphone users have their
phones running 24/7 almost 1 billion
people would check their newsfeed and
messages immediately after waking up
apps were downloaded over 200 billion
times in 2019 in 2020 the projected
income made by mobile apps is about 190
billion dollars in a year around 70% of
all network connections will be made via
smartphones 90% of the time they're in
their mobile devices people are using
apps and only 10% doing other things
likewise 90% of those who own a
smartphone would use it while driving
that's over 3 billion people 10% of all
purchases in the world are made online
by 2027 there will be over 40 billion
smart devices on the planet it's 5 times
the number of people right now almost
every other car is connected to the
Internet as you're listening to this
fact more than 500 new gadgets have been
connected to the web in the US alone
people have bought clothes and
accessories for over 100 billion dollars
in 2019 globally this number is over 3
trillion dollars 50 percent of online
purchases are made via smartphones and
65 percent of people who shop in
physical stores check prices online for
comparison since 2013 smartphone sales
have been making about 100 billion
dollars per year and the number
increases with each year in three years
the mobile industry's contribution to
the global GDP will reach almost 5
trillion dollars the average age a
person gets their first mobile device is
at 12 years by 2030 it may drop to 4
years old
1 million new users join the internet
every single day
the first 5g smartphones appeared back
in 2019 in five years their number is
expected to be 1.5 billion the average
mobile connection speed in the world is
about 30 megabits per second and is
growing by 25% every year if you have a
smartphone you're likely to send and
receive about 10 gigabytes of data per
month that's enough to stream two and a
half HD movies in just the past five
years the use of artificial intelligence
or AI has grown by 300% four out of five
customer interactions are provided by AI
Facebook was googled more than 230
million times in 2019 Google was googled
almost 86 million times companies spent
around 250 billion dollars on mobile ads
per year mobile ad blocking is growing
at the rate of 90% per year if a website
takes more than five seconds to load on
a smartphone you're 70 percent more
likely to leave it overall monthly
mobile traffic in the world is over 30
exabytes that's 30 bytes with 18 zeros
more than half of this traffic or about
16 exabytes per month is used in
asia-pacific the person with most
followers on social media is Cristiano
Ronaldo in April 2020 he had 215 million
followers hey that guy's really on the
ball the most followed Instagram account
in the world is Instagram zone with 343
million followers figures overall there
are about 3 billion social media users
in the world every fifth adult would use
voice search on their mobile phone at
least once a month in 2009 almost no one
used mobile phones to browse the
Internet and everyone sat at their
desktop computers 10 years later more
than half of the Internet users are
going mobile when watching TV and in ads
starts playing four out of five people
reach for their smartphones to pass the
time and finally I challenge you to find
yourself in the next few pieces of
statistics three out of every 10 people
admit they'd rather stop seeing their
friends in person than using their
smartphones almost every other
smartphone user would rather put off
their vacation or work six days a week
instead of five then abandon their
device for good and fifty-five people
out of every 100 would rather not dine
out for a whole year than to put down
their precious phone and not take it
ever again what a world
[Music]